Welcome to nonrecourse module by now the basics should be set.
And we had a closer look at what makes up an annular app.
No chances are you already encountered your first error in your app.
We even had some arrows together in the apps we built.
Now fixing these errors is of course very important and not always straight forward.
That is why in this section we're going to have a brief look at the tools we have at our disposal for
fixing errors in our angular app.
Here's a little example attached to this lecture which looks nice but it won't work as expected.
We are on our service dashboard you could say.
But if they click add server to add a news server.
Watch what happens.
We get an error.
Now you might get such errors a lot and generally you might but always have your developer console open.
Though for developing that's a good idea.
But if something doesn't work the way you expect it to work like here and you click the button and nothing
happens.
Opening the console the developer tools and dirty javascript console is a great idea.
Now here we clearly get an error message and error messages have gotten better in angular.
So chances are the error message is indeed helpful.
So let's have a look at the error message.
You should find it right at the top and here it says that in app component.
That's the first important information piece in the inline template.
Then this would be the line number and then the column where in the lines will line for.
Now let's see if that is helpful.
That there the error was cost because we cannot read the property.
Push of undefined Well we get a couple of useful information pieces here.
So let's go to the AB component then and let's have a look at it.
If we go there.
Well the line for argument is only kind of helpful because Line 4 is never the problematic code in our
template nor in the types to file a report says.
Line for.
Because in the end everything gets merged together and rebuild so that is where probably Dakotan is
triggered inline for in the final code but not in our code.
Still we get one important clue here property push of undefined.
So we try to call push on something which is not defined at the point of time we do call it.
So if we have a look at our code here we see that there is only one place where we call Porsche and
that is of course here in the on.
Or add a method which makes sense because this is the method which gets triggered once we click the
button.
So that would have been another way of finding where the problematic code has to be Astor's error occurred
when we click the button.
It probably is somewhere in the method which is then executed.
So here there's something wrong with pushing though not with pushing itself.
Remember it said porche of undefined.
So the thing we're calling push on is undefined so that would be this service.
How can this service be undefined.
We do declare it up here right.
That's exactly the issue in this case.
We do declare it here but we don't define it.
We tell typescript.
There's going to be a property called service but we don't initialize it.
It doesn't have any value assigned to it.
It's not an empty array it's not a string it's nothing.
So to fix our code we simply have to make sure that before trying to push a new item on servers we set
service to an array because otherwise it could be anything it's undefined in the end.
So pushing is not supported here.
So all you can do is we can simply initialize an empty array at the beginning and with this little change
in place.
This should now work as expected once it reloads and we click at server.
Now we can add our servers to this list.
So this was the refix sample for a potential error message.
How to read it and how to try to get to the root of the error.
Now of course it's impossible for me to show all possible error messages and what can go wrong.
And there are some more tricky error messages but it's always great to not panic but have a look at
the message read which file it points to read the exact message.
There are even error messages in Angola which are much clearer than the one I just showed you.
And with that you should be able to narrow down the issue and hopefully solve it.